- Part a: Most UNIX filesystems including EXT4FS use a "cyclinder group" organization as opposed to the simple layout illustrated near page 5 in the lecture notes. Discuss why this improves performance for a conventional mechanical hard disk, but not necessarily with an SSD.
    - Cyclinder groups are useful for conventional mechanical hard disks/HDD because it creates mini-file systems that the kernel can (hopefully) access quickly for a file since they are kept as close together as possible. The cyclinder group is also much more flexible in terms of how much storage a file can take up (between the default 60 bytes from the table itself, to 4KB, 4MB, and 4TB). For an SSD, the cyclinder group isn't as necessary because the SSD internally handles its memory management through procedures like TRIM, garbage collection, and the concepts for an SSD aren't the same as a HDD. SSD deals with pages and blocks, attempts to actively erase any unused block and reorganizes data so that it can optimized to find an empty block to write to.
- Part b: A user purchases and installs a 4TB SATA disk to hold a collection of 4K-quality videos and installs the drive on a desktop PC running Linux. Each video file is exactly 2^30 bytes long. Of course, this user follows good security practices and does not download or watch the videos as "root." The expect was that approx. 4000+ videos would fit on this disk, but the actuality was noticeably less. Give at least two reasons why this would be the case.
    - The user didn't take into account the fact that inode tables/the file system itself take up memory to keep track of all the files (with things as a Bit-Map). Another reason is that some of the memory blocks could've been corrupted or lost throughout the lifetime of the device. Finally, even though each file takes up exactly 2^30 bytes, if a video took an extra bit than expected, it'd take another sector which makes it lose another 1024 bytes of data for that single bit (unless the videos are perfectly exactly 2^30 bytes everytime). Also, the user expects to get more than 4000 videos with each video taking 2^30 bytes, but the disk size itself is 4TB, so not sure how they imagined to gain more memory on the device.
- Part c: At exactly 3pm on Sep 26, 2023 (approximately when you have started on this assignment (this is false, you can check when I uploaded the and the last time the file was modified)) I create a file: `echo "Hello" >file123`. Then at 3:10PM I do `cat file123`. Finally at 3:30 PM I do: `touch -m -t 09131515.15 file123` What are the values of atime, mtime, and ctime (you can represent these in human-readable form instead of UNIX "seconds since 1970") and why? Assume that the filesystem in mounted with unsual options such as `relatime`.
    - The times will be given in military time with the format HH:MM:SS The first command edits the acces, modify, and change time to 15:00:00 September 26, 2023. The second command only changes the access time to 15:10:00 September 26, 2023. The last command changes the change time to 15:30:00 to September 26, 2023 and the command itself edits the modified time to 15:15:15 September 13, 2023.
- Part d: A user runs the command `mv /A/B/F1 /A/C/F2;` where F1 is a fairly large file. This command runs very quickly. Then the user runs `mv /A/C/F2 /A/Z/F3;` but this takes quite a while to run. Why might that be the case?
    - The two file directories are very a part in memory location. The file also could've been stored in the cache previously but with the new file rename and changed location. The directory `/Z` can also refer to a different and much slower storage device compared to the previous storage units.
